#2

In the game:

    General:
        The style is medieval old. The mood a bit mysterious and exciting.

        The game master usually gives you the tasks.
        
        The game ends itself if you have a task in real life or if you just want to wait.
        (Then there is the task that you have to do on the screen or a countdown runs down)
        (In the background there is always a dark cave with the game master who is waiting for you)

        The player only has a limited inventory (maybe you can expand comb with a backpack).
        He can only have one object in his hand (sign also in the other hand)

        The game itself is everything in a big level with a huge map
        There will be a mini map in the top right of the corner so that the player has a better overview of the world
        The Mini Map is only gradually uncovered.
        At the top right is the minimap (round)

        In itself, you can enter all places, but it is intended that some places can only be entered with a certain strength / level.
        That is why you are warned by an NPC or the game master that you may not be strong enough.
        If the player still exceeds the place, he will not have a chance against the monsters.
        And then it is up to the player whether you will survive or the game will be over forever

        You can only see the levels of players who are lower than yourself 
        
        His own character is framed at the top left, there or underneath you can see your own level next to it is two displays: 
            1. Life => red 
            2. Energy => Blue
    
        At the bottom left are the tools / items that you have in your hand
        
        You can only play the game once.
        Once you have died and you try to start the game, the lettering comes, "you had your chance".


    Start:
        You have to give your real name to play the game
        (You can save the names of all players in advance in a list and just see whether the name is in the list)
        
        Then the player has to choose a name that has not yet been awarded
        (All names that are assigned are stored in a file in Data)

        Game starts in a tower where you can put together your player.(See player)
        Then you encounter the game master / moderator who explains a little bit of the game and functions.

        The player is expressly asked if he really wants to continue or want to stop.
        The player should get the opportunity to stop at any time.
        (That's why we have to write the story so that you are tied up and do not want to end the game)



    Player:
        Endurance
        Life
        Skills
        Damage
        
        Races:
            Eleven
            Dark eleven
            Knight / Warrior
            Human
            Dwarf
            Vampire
            Wizard
            Monk
            Healer
            Half-blood
        
        Weapons:
            Axe
            Arc / arrows
            Club
            Knife
            Dagger
            Spear
            Sword
            large sword
            Shield
        
        Tools:
            Axt
            Shovel
            Hoe
            hammer


    Monster:
        Orcs
        Living Deads
        Dragons
        Golems
        Stone monsters
        Lizard creatures
        Lifeless knights
        Thieves / robbers
        Living trees
        Sirens


    NPCs:
        Moderator (game director)
        NPCs for the quests
        Arena master
        Villager
        Warrior (other players)
        (King in the castle)
        The dealer (only comes to the city every few days (very expensive, but also good))
    

    Important buildings to go in:
        Tavern / Tavern
        Arena
        Market (small shops)
        Smith
        Baker (for food)
        Houses of the NPCs
        City hall 
        Library
        Dungeons
        Wizard tower
        (castle)
    

    Other buildings not to go in:
        Church
        Private houses
        (Castle)
        Farmer houses and fields
    

    Artifact:
        Wish ring
        Poisons
        curses


    Cities / places:
        The abandoned tower (start)
        The big city 
        Small cities
        Castle
        Forest clearing with a small house
        Village with battle
        Monastery
        Area of the magician
        

    Quests:
        The quests should be so open that they are not too easy.
        In the beginning, the quests have the task of showing the player the functions of the game.
        The quest should not only be easy to achieve something, but to tell a story.

        You could do the map and tasks as in EREBOS ...
        We take a city and everything has a meaning that we transferred into the game
        And that some people we know as changed characters appear in the game

        The player almost dies in some fights and then the game master gives him the opportunity to level or level, but the player has to do tasks in the real world
        The game master is the only one who can reward the player in the form of coins

        Last fight:
            There is a final boss that can only be combated with others
            (possible opportunity for multiplayer)
            if necessary also with NPCs that you hire

        The dwarf village:
            You have to find the dwarf village (in the mountains)
            There you have to buy the necessary equipment and then dismantle a certain material in the mine and then hand over to the game master or sell in the dwarf village
        
        The Orc village:
            You can come to this village at any time to fight and get something
            There is a little chance for rare / special objects
            You get orc meat that you can sell on the sharpen market
        
        The black market:
            Here you can sell things that others should not notice (e.g. orc meat)
            watch out! The black market is not always right, there is always a chance to be cheated.
            There is also a secret trader here who is rarely there and can therefore only be found by chance.
            This can give you a total of 2-3 tasks, which are very difficult, but also bring in a large herb.
            The player only gets from the trader on the side, or somebody makes it a hint.

        Tasks in the real world:
            You could give the players the task of photographing someone or something or so that you can prove it.
            The proof is loaded into a cloud and only when this has been confirmed can the player continue to play.
            You could either do this with a code that we give the player after doing the task or that it then automatically continues.
            Another possibility is that it is checked whether something was uploaded to the right name in the cloud and the game can then be continued (i.e. without help)